WINDOWS PIPELINE: CONTINUE AFTER COMPLETED SIGN-IN
8 October 2026 - AETHERDESK

All six Codex profiles and all six Claude profiles passed authentication in
attempt 8ba7ce50d32c4a96a3c3fd5947a6cd4b. No browser approvals are repeated.

The first-start wrapper registered the Warden disabled, then rejected Windows'
Task Scheduler descriptor projection. The actual task is disabled, has zero
instances and has never run. The commissioning task was not created. This was
an implementation error in the registration/permission check.

ONE COMMAND IN YOUR ADMINISTRATOR WINDOWS POWERSHELL WINDOW

C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe -NoProfile -File "C:\Users\ansac\Documents\Codex\2026-10-06\the-github-repository-is-located-at\windows-deployment-next\run-pending-warden-setup-r3-v7.ps1" -Apply -Interactive

Let it finish. It checks the saved authentication chain, the original four
commissioning files, the task's exact definition and never-run state, and its
protected backing file before changing anything. It records the original
descriptor/XML and a durable recovery intent in a new protected folder.

It uses Task Scheduler's supported API once to restore the originally requested
protected SYSTEM/Administrators task permissions. It verifies unchanged task
XML and original file bytes, registers only the missing commissioning task,
and invokes commissioning once. The original installed runtime and reviewed
Python commissioning helper remain unchanged. After verified first start,
the same command continues independent supervisor and resource monitoring.

The downstream permission checks also verify the protected backing task file
when Windows returns its alternate service descriptor. They do not change
completed tasks' permissions or repeat logins or first start.

Administrator access is required for the protected task/private evidence.
No browser interaction or additional prompt is expected. File checks and
installation work can take several minutes without output.

Return the final JSON or the first failure. If it fails, preserve every task,
folder, receipt and any running controller. Do not rerun either this command
or the earlier v6 setup command; the continuation never retries or stops a
potentially running controller automatically.

The successful sign-ins, credentials, databases, repair budgets, existing
8 GiB R: drive and Mount_CoChem_RAMDisk startup task are preserved. Capacity
remains four shared slots across six identities with Chapter 06 routing.
Completed Docker, CPU, knowledge and isolation tests are not repeated.
Paid repair and component recovery remain disabled while budget history is
unresolved. Agy's existing sign-in is preserved.

After setup succeeds, Codex can perform the prepared live MCP/workflow checks.
The full stability interval and remaining acceptance evidence are still needed;
setup completion alone does not establish full SRS acceptance.

Preparation evidence: pending-warden-recovery-v7-preparation-20261008.json.
Actual ordinary Windows Task Scheduler observations, inert Windows fixtures
and owner-reported SYSTEM authentication results are recorded separately.
Linux results are not counted as Windows deployment evidence. Earlier files
and evidence remain preserved.
