Prepared attended login series — AETHERDESK, r3

This is preparation for the owner's return, not an instruction to run now.
Use these only when the deployment handoff reaches the human-login phase.
Open an Administrator Windows PowerShell console as AETHERDESK\ansac and stay
at the computer. Do not redirect or record the console. The wrapper uses the
existing six worker identities; it does not copy the owner's credentials.

Each command performs six sequential browser logins for its selected provider,
then checks authentication in all six isolated worker profiles. It stops at
the first failed login or status check. A login command exiting successfully
does not itself establish authentication. No model job or daemon is started.

Codex, one attended series:
C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe -NoProfile -File "C:\Users\ansac\Documents\Codex\2026-10-06\the-github-repository-is-located-at\windows-deployment-next\login-six-workers-attended-r3.ps1" -Provider codex -Apply -Interactive

Follow the device-auth URL/code displayed for each slot, finishing slot1 before
slot2 and so on. The unchanged reviewed Codex helper is explicitly given the
r3 installation. Its historical login path does not use ResourceLimits; its
temporary scheduled task is removed by that helper. The new series keeps a
separate private attempt record even if that leaf task is removed.

Claude, one attended series:
C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe -NoProfile -File "C:\Users\ansac\Documents\Codex\2026-10-06\the-github-repository-is-located-at\windows-deployment-next\login-six-workers-attended-r3.ps1" -Provider claude -Apply -Interactive

For each Claude slot, follow the displayed browser link. If Claude requests
the returned authorization code, press P at the reviewed helper's prompt and
paste the single code into its masked input. This sends one bounded line to
that slot's worker and closes that input; do not paste codes into PowerShell
commands, chat, a file, or a different slot. Q requests cancellation through
the helper's cleanup path. Keep the console open until the helper finishes.

A prior Claude session, any existing selected-provider status target, or a
previous provider series root stops a new series before login. All six targets
are checked before a private CreateNew marker is created. Administrator-only
worker-directory checks must pass first; ordinary preview reports those six
directories as inaccessible rather than assuming they are absent.

If either command stops, preserve its entire private series root and every
leaf receipt; do not delete markers, rerun the command, or skip ahead manually.
Share the final sanitized status/error with the deployment task for review.
Do not share browser codes, provider output, or credential files. The fixed
per-provider marker intentionally rejects automatic repeat after partial or
successful runs. Successful authentication still does not attest the exact
provider account identity, paid plan, serving model, or inference readiness.

The owner confirmed Agy is signed in and working. Its remaining hold is scoped
to the isolated pipeline integration contract; this series does not run Agy.
All model routing, six identities, four shared slots, repair budgets, R: and
the existing startup task remain unchanged.
