OPTIONAL PROTECTED ACCEPTANCE SETUP — PREPARED, NOT EXECUTED

This batch is separate from the already reviewed basic first-start command.
Oracle testing and the two observation services are not global first-use
requirements. Do not wait for this optional batch merely to begin a usable
pipeline. The original run-pipeline-commissioning-r3-v1.ps1 remains unchanged.

When the owner chooses this later batch, use one elevated interactive Windows
PowerShell console. Prepared command (not issued or executed by this preparation):

C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe -NoProfile -File "C:\Users\ansac\Documents\Codex\2026-10-06\the-github-repository-is-located-at\windows-deployment-next\run-protected-acceptance-setup-r3-v1.ps1" -Apply -Interactive

Without -Apply, the same script prints a read-only plan. It never creates a
task or calls a provider during that preview. Ordinary-token private metadata
holds remain explicit; absence is not inferred from access denied.

The batch stages an independent supervisor runtime with explicitly unresolved
budget authority. If the original controller has never been commissioned,
it invokes the existing attended status-first/first-start series unchanged.
Browser authorization is requested only where that frozen helper cannot reuse
a verified session. Its current coverage can request up to twelve Codex/Claude
profile authorizations; that is helper policy, not a universal SRS minimum.

If a successful commissioning receipt already exists, the batch reattests the
exact current task instance and SYSTEM process PID/creation/image. It never
replays authentication/first-start, stops the Warden, or accepts an arbitrary
replacement process. An already completed exact independent staging receipt
can be reused; partial or mismatched state is held, never reset.

It then installs the held observation service and the resource observer,
both with their reviewed fresh namespaces. The held service observes but
cannot restart, recover or repair the Warden, change releases, or spend money.
The resource observer starts an unattended first-instance measurement window.
Its initial samples are not a completed 48-hour result. A reboot or replacement
controller requires new reviewed attestation; this package does not fake resume.

ORACLE ORDERING CORRECTION
Oracle maintenance acceptance is deliberately deferred in BOTH branches.
Its reviewed helper preserves warden.lock and an Oracle scratch namespace.
The unchanged first-start helper requires that lock absent and only the known
Docker fixture in slot1 scratch. The two helpers therefore cannot run in that
order. No preserved lock, fixture, task or receipt is deleted to make them fit.
This supersedes the fresh-sequencing suggestion in
oracle-operational-root-review-20261008.json, not the Oracle package's internal
source/tests review. Actual Oracle acceptance remains pending for a separately
reviewed maintenance/preservation disposition.

SUCCESS IS LIMITED
A successful result means the exact commissioned controller and the two held
observation components reached their initial evidence boundaries. It does not
establish accepted routed workflows/MCP results, full recovery or paid repair,
legacy budget authority, genuine desktop-heap usage, recovery-latency evidence,
or the completed 48-hour continuity window. Those remain separate engineering
and acceptance work. Monitoring needs host availability, not owner supervision.

FAILURE / INTERRUPTION
The first failure stops later phases. A protected public metadata receipt records
the phase; existing partial outputs and any running controller/observer remain.
Do not rerun this command, stop tasks, delete files, reset ledgers, or repeat
browser logins automatically. The retained receipts support the next review.

No Apply, SYSTEM task, provider, controller call or model job was executed while
preparing this package. Credentials, databases, repair budgets, six isolated
identities, four shared slots, Chapter 06 routing and the existing 8 GiB R: drive
and startup task are unchanged.
