WINDOWS PIPELINE: FINISH THE EXISTING RESOURCE RECORDER
9 October 2026 - AETHERDESK

The controller and held supervisor are running. The supervisor activation was
successfully recorded. Provider sign-ins are preserved.

The recorder was copied and its task registered in the disabled state. The
verification stopped before its registration receipt was written or its first
start requested. Do not replay the prior v8 setup batch.

ONE COMMAND IN YOUR ADMINISTRATOR WINDOWS POWERSHELL WINDOW

C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe -NoProfile -File "C:\Users\ansac\Documents\Codex\2026-10-06\the-github-repository-is-located-at\windows-deployment-next\resume-partial-resource-observer-r3-v1.ps1" -Apply

Let it finish. The first JSON prints the actual task metadata checks; it is not
the final completion report. No browser sign-in or code paste is expected.

This command verifies the preserved task, original failure and successful
activation receipts, unchanged payloads, empty recorder state, and the same
running SYSTEM controller/supervisor. The duration check accepts an equivalent
49-hour Windows duration representation. That is the limit for the required
48-hour observation, not a startup-speed optimization. Every other task field
must still match exactly. If any preflight check fails, it stops before publishing
registration evidence or starting the task.

If the complete preflight passes, it records the missing registration evidence
and requests the recorder's first start once. It preserves the task action,
timing settings and permissions, copied files, controller and supervisor processes.
Administrator access is required because the task and empty private state are
inaccessible to this chat's ordinary Windows process, and the receipts are
protected. No permission-setting change is needed.

Return the final JSON or first error. Preserve all artifacts if it fails; do
not rerun the new command or earlier setup batches. The observation runs
unattended after a successful start. Starting it does not establish completed
48-hour observation, desktop-heap, recovery or full SRS acceptance.

The 8 GiB R: drive and Mount_CoChem_RAMDisk startup task, credentials, databases
and repair budgets remain preserved. Six identities share a maximum of four
slots. All model jobs remain on canonical Chapter 06 routing. Agy's existing
installation and owner sign-in remain preserved.

LIVE MODEL TEST APPROVAL IS SEPARATE

The two prepared acceptance workflows use synthetic study-note requirements
and the disposable calculator project. Their prompts also include canonical
pipeline requirements and test diagnostics, sent through the existing Codex
or eligible Claude subscription CLI. Exact scope is saved in
LIVE_WORKFLOW_TEST_SCOPE_20261009.json.

Automatic approval review rejected these external model calls before process
creation because it requires explicit approval of that data and its OpenAI /
Anthropic destinations. The chat's approval question covers these two tests.
No model jobs or submission fences were created by either rejected command.
The recorder command itself does not submit model jobs.
