SUPERSEDED AFTER THE V2 RUN REACHED SLOT5 AND STOPPED
Use RETURN_SETUP_CONTINUE.txt and its v4 command. Preserve this v2 attempt.

WINDOWS PIPELINE: CONTINUE AFTER THE DEVICE-LOGIN FAILURE
8 October 2026 - AETHERDESK

Codex device-code login prints a link and code. It does not open a browser
window automatically. The previous instructions were not clear enough about
this manual step. The previous code must not be reused.

ONE COMMAND

In your Administrator Windows PowerShell window, paste this entire command once:

C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe -NoProfile -File "C:\Users\ansac\Documents\Codex\2026-10-06\the-github-repository-is-located-at\windows-deployment-next\run-pipeline-commissioning-r3-v2.ps1" -Apply -Interactive

WHEN CODEX PRINTS A NEW CODE

1. Manually open https://auth.openai.com/codex/device in your normal browser.
2. Sign in with the existing ChatGPT subscription and enter the NEW code shown
   by this running console. Complete the page's authorization instructions.
3. Leave PowerShell open. It detects completion and continues automatically.
   Do not type the code into PowerShell or paste it into chat.
4. Follow each subsequent provider prompt for the selected isolated profile.
   Current verified sessions are reused. Up to twelve approvals are possible
   across six profiles and two providers; the actual count is not yet known.
5. Return the final JSON. If it stops, return the error with any login code
   removed, and leave the new files/tasks in place. Do not repeat either series.

If the browser explicitly says device-code authentication is disabled, enable
device-code login in ChatGPT's security settings (or contact the workspace
administrator if your workspace controls it). Do not supply an API key.
If the browser shows a different error, return that error text without codes.

WHAT THIS CONTINUATION DOES

It verifies and preserves the three failed v1 series and the existing status
receipt, then uses new v2 status/series roots. It checks the CURRENT sign-in of
every profile. A prior logged-out result never authorizes another login by
itself. A valid current session is reused; an explicit current logout allows
an attended login. Unknown status stops for diagnosis.

After both providers pass, it performs the already-prepared first controller
start once. The first-start namespace and task action stay as previously
planned because no first-start phase ran. Only its authentication input chain
and pinned helper source change. Existing installations are not replaced.

No completed Docker, knowledge, CPU or worker-isolation test is repeated.
Existing credentials, databases/history, repair budgets, the 8 GiB R: drive
and Mount_CoChem_RAMDisk stay preserved. Capacity remains four shared slots
across six identities, with Chapter 06 routing. Agy's existing sign-in remains
unchanged. Automatic repair stays held; this command submits no model jobs.

WHY YOUR INTERACTION IS NEEDED

Windows administrator rights are required for the protected status/first-start
tasks. This chat's process is not elevated. Browser consent authenticates each
isolated profile and must be completed by you. Opening a browser manually is
the missing interaction from the reported attempt.

AFTER SUCCESS

Codex can perform the prepared MCP bridge and routed workflow checks without
another administrator command for those checks. Controller startup, live
workflows, reboot/recovery and 48-hour acceptance are not yet claimed here.

EVIDENCE SCOPE

The user reported slot1 Codex login task result 1 before controller startup,
and confirmed no browser window appeared. The 476-byte native log contains
device instructions and no recorded error marker. Scheduler result 1 alone
does not establish a native CLI error or the exact timeout/cleanup cause.

Prepared recovery: 24 focused authentication checks and 115 commissioning /
preservation checks passed on ordinary Windows. These include simulated task
flows and actual read-only previews. No new SYSTEM acceptance, login, model
execution or controller start was performed during preparation. Existing
Linux results are separate and are not counted as Windows deployment proof.

Official device authentication guidance:
https://learn.chatgpt.com/docs/auth#login-on-headless-devices
