WINDOWS PIPELINE: CONTINUE AFTER THE REBOOT
8 October 2026 - AETHERDESK

The last reported run verified all six saved Codex sessions. It stopped before
a new Claude login because an earlier Claude session directory already existed.
The v5 command reviews that session's protected task and receipt before asking
you for READY. A completed earlier attempt does not require deleting its files.
Uncertain or still-running attempts remain held with a short diagnostic.

The reboot also cleared the pipeline's temporary R: subtree. The command can
recreate only that subtree after proving the old foundation ledger, the new boot,
the current 8 GiB ImDisk drive and the unchanged owner startup task. It retains
the old ledger before using the production adoption code once. It never formats,
resizes or replaces R:, and never recreates or repeats the old Docker test.

ONE COMMAND IN ADMINISTRATOR WINDOWS POWERSHELL

C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe -NoProfile -File "C:\Users\ansac\Documents\Codex\2026-10-06\the-github-repository-is-located-at\windows-deployment-next\run-reboot-setup-r3-v5.ps1" -Apply -Interactive

Open Start, type Windows PowerShell, select Run as administrator, accept UAC,
then paste the single line above and press Enter. Leave the console open.
File and status inspections can take a few minutes per profile without output.

SIGN-IN PROMPTS

1. Existing sessions are checked and reused. Only an explicitly logged-out
   profile requests browser approval. Type READY when you can complete it now.
   No code has been issued while the command waits for READY.
2. For Claude, follow the URL and instructions printed by the running console.
   The isolated profile may require you to open its URL manually. Return any
   requested completion code to that console, not this chat. If Claude supplies
   a completion code, press P at the wrapper's prompt and paste it only into
   the masked code prompt, as its console instructions describe.
3. If Codex requests login, manually open https://auth.openai.com/codex/device
   and enter the NEW code printed by the running console. It does not open a
   browser automatically. Old codes are not reusable.
4. Type PAUSE at a READY prompt if you need to step away. Completed sign-ins
   remain saved. A later deliberate invocation checks all saved sessions again.
5. After all sign-ins pass, the same command attempts the prepared controller
   start once and checks its control plane. If that passes, it automatically
   runs the prepared monitoring setup in the same Administrator console.
   There is no second monitoring command for you to paste. Return the final
   JSON to Codex; if it stops earlier, return that phase's printed error/JSON.

IF IT STOPS

Return the printed JSON/error, with login codes removed. Preserve all files,
tasks and private logs. Do not rerun after a controller-start failure or clear
any partial RAM recovery. Do not run an older commissioning command.
The v5 session review can accept a proved terminal earlier attempt; it does
not assume that every cancelled or interrupted Claude attempt cleaned up.

WHAT THIS COMPLETES

The command checks the two configured providers in six isolated profiles,
performs the prepared controller start, stages the independent supervisor and
starts observation with paid repair and component recovery disabled. The
resource observer begins its 48-hour observation only after validating the
current controller. Shared capacity stays at four, model
routing stays on Chapter 06, and existing credentials, databases, repair budgets,
R: and Mount_CoChem_RAMDisk are preserved. Agy's existing sign-in is preserved.
No model jobs are submitted by this command; automatic paid repair remains held.

After a successful setup receipt, Codex can run the prepared ordinary MCP and
workflow checks. Their actual Windows results, completed stability observation
and unresolved acceptance evidence are still needed before claiming full SRS
acceptance. The monitoring setup never replays authentication or first start.

WHY YOUR INTERACTION IS NEEDED

This chat's process is not a Windows administrator. The command needs elevation
to inspect the prior private Claude session and create protected SYSTEM tasks.
Provider browser consent must be completed by you. There is no separate manual
Docker, CPU, knowledge or worker-isolation acceptance test in this command.

EVIDENCE

Post-crash observations are recorded separately in
post-crash-observation-20261008.json. The continuation's source pins, ordinary
Windows fixture results and limits are recorded in
claude-reboot-continuation-v5-preparation-20261008.json.
These preparation results are not elevated/SYSTEM deployment acceptance, and
existing Linux results are not counted as Windows evidence.
