WINDOWS PIPELINE: CONTINUE THE REMAINING SIGN-INS
8 October 2026 - AETHERDESK

The v3 run stopped in a protected-file inspection before any login prompt.
The v4 command repairs that scanner and preserves all earlier evidence.
It checks CURRENT sign-in status and reuses valid sessions. Your successful
sign-ins remain saved; do not reuse an old device code.

RUN THIS COMMAND IN ADMINISTRATOR WINDOWS POWERSHELL

C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe -NoProfile -File "C:\Users\ansac\Documents\Codex\2026-10-06\the-github-repository-is-located-at\windows-deployment-next\run-pipeline-commissioning-r3-v4.ps1" -Apply -Interactive

Leave the console open during file/status checks. They can take a few minutes
per profile without printing anything. No login code expires while the command
is inspecting files or waiting for READY; a new code is issued after READY.

WHEN PROMPTED

1. Type READY only when you can finish that profile's browser approval now.
   A code has not been issued while it waits at this prompt.
2. For Codex, manually open https://auth.openai.com/codex/device, enter the
   NEW code shown by the running console, and complete browser approval.
   The device flow does not open a browser window automatically.
3. Leave PowerShell open. Follow the next prompt when it appears. For Claude,
   follow its own provider instructions after typing READY.
4. Type PAUSE at a readiness prompt if you need to step away. It stops before
   starting that login, preserves the completed sign-ins and emits paused JSON.
5. Return the final JSON. Remove login codes from any error you paste into chat.

CONTINUING LATER

After PAUSE, the same v4 command can be run again when ready. If you miss a
Codex code again and the command exits during native_authentication, wait for
it to exit fully, then use the same v4 command. Each deliberate invocation
checks saved sessions again and creates new evidence; no old attempt is
overwritten and there is no automatic retry.

For any other failure, return its error and leave all files/tasks in place.
In particular, an earlier failed Claude session still requires review, and
any existing controller-start artifact blocks another startup. Do not force
these holds, delete files, or rerun an older v1/v2/v3 command.

WHAT HAPPENS AFTER SIGN-IN

Both configured providers are checked in the six existing isolated profiles.
Only explicitly logged-out profiles request browser consent. After all pass,
the command performs the prepared controller start once. It does not rerun
the completed Docker, knowledge, CPU or worker-isolation acceptance tests.
Codex can then perform the prepared ordinary-process MCP/workflow checks.

The command preserves credentials and existing sign-ins, databases/history,
repair budgets, the 8 GiB R: drive and Mount_CoChem_RAMDisk. Capacity remains
four shared slots across six identities and routing stays on Chapter 06.
It does not change Agy's sign-in or submit model jobs. Automatic repair stays
held. Full workflow, recovery and stability acceptance remain separate.

Administrator access is needed to create protected SYSTEM status/startup
tasks. This chat process is ordinary. Browser authorization must be yours.

PREPARATION EVIDENCE

The replacement scanner passed actual ordinary Windows PowerShell 5.1 scans
of all installed code roots: runtime 15,026 entries in 80.91 seconds, base
Python 3,727 in 20.04 seconds, and native executables 6 in 0.05 seconds.
This is read-only Windows evidence, not an elevated/SYSTEM acceptance result.
The earlier scanner passed a separate runtime scan in 115.62 seconds; your
four-minute timeout was not reproduced under the later measurement load.
The new scanner retains ownership/writer permissions, reparse-point and
hardlink/handle checks, the 50,000-entry cap and a bounded monotonic timer.

148 ordinary Windows authentication and commissioning/continuation checks
passed. The final source bindings passed independent read-only review.
32 additional scanner fixture checks passed, including hardlink/junction
denials, all writer-mask bits, handle lifetime and the 50,000-entry boundary.
Tests include readiness/pause, fresh-attempt binding, preservation, source
pins, single-start fencing, a real ordinary-process mutex fixture and actual
read-only previews. No new provider login, SYSTEM task execution, controller
start, database migration or model job occurred during this preparation.
Linux results are not counted as Windows deployment evidence.

Official device-login instructions:
https://learn.chatgpt.com/docs/auth#login-on-headless-devices
