WINDOWS PIPELINE: FINISH MONITORING SETUP
8 October 2026 - AETHERDESK

The controller is running. All six Codex and six Claude sign-ins succeeded.
The independent held supervisor is also running and reporting the controller
healthy. Live Codex MCP connectivity passed against the same controller.

The last command stopped because a PowerShell Unix-time calculation converted
the epoch into local time and made a fresh heartbeat appear six hours stale.
This was an implementation error in the verification wrapper. The running
monitor and controller must be preserved.

ONE COMMAND IN YOUR ADMINISTRATOR WINDOWS POWERSHELL WINDOW

C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe -NoProfile -File "C:\Users\ansac\Documents\Codex\2026-10-06\the-github-repository-is-located-at\windows-deployment-next\run-running-monitoring-continuation-r3-v8.ps1" -Apply -Interactive

Let it finish. No browser sign-in, code paste or further prompt is expected.
The checks can take several minutes without output. You do not need to watch
the automated measurements or perform repeated timing tests.

The command verifies the saved failure evidence, successful staging and first
start, the exact current SYSTEM controller and observer tasks/processes, and
two progressing observer heartbeats using UTC time. It records the missing
activation receipt for that already-running observer. It then installs and
starts the previously unstarted resource recorder for its 48-hour observation.

It does not restart the controller or held observer, rerun first start or
authentication, reprovision their state, or repeat Docker, CPU, knowledge or
worker-isolation tests. Earlier failure evidence remains preserved.

Administrator access is required to inspect the private scheduled tasks and
SYSTEM process tokens, write the protected verification receipt and create
the resource-recorder task. This chat's ordinary Windows process cannot do
those operations. No change to your permission settings is required.

Return the final JSON or the first error. If it fails, preserve every artifact
and running process. Do not rerun this or the old v7 command, stop a controller,
clear a hold, or delete a partial folder.

Existing credentials, databases, repair budgets, the 8 GiB R: drive and its
Mount_CoChem_RAMDisk startup task remain preserved. Capacity remains four
shared slots across six identities, with all model work on Chapter 06 routing.
Agy's installation and sign-in remain preserved. Paid repair and component
recovery remain disabled while historical budget authority is unresolved.

The 48-hour observation runs unattended after a successful start. It establishes
only the measurements actually collected; desktop heap, recovery and full SRS
acceptance are not implied by starting the recorder. Routed live workflow and
remaining acceptance results are recorded separately from setup and Linux
results. This command requires no repeated provider approvals.
